I’m not crying
Because you once said
Ye Qi Luo only makes others cry
Maybe you don’t really understand my sister
Ye Qi Luo never cries
Only she makes others cry
If you're sad, just cry
If it hurts, just scream
You are not Ye Qi Luo
You are just you
Alright, that concludes this episode of "Jiang City Talk"
Thank you, everyone
Thank you all
Alright,
that’s a wrap
Truly worthy of being "Master Shen"!
In just a month
You turned this show into...
the top-rated program in its time slot
Seems like next month’s Golden Voice Award
is definitely yours
No doubt about it
Master Shen is now
the top star of the network
Thanks
Why did you have time to visit me today?
Afraid I might not get to see you again
Why say such things out of nowhere?
Come on, let’s eat
I declare
The Western Region project
has concluded successfully
Once again, Xiang Jie Group retains its position
as the most influential enterprise in Jiang City
Excellent, excellent
Everyone is looking forward to it
Meeting adjourned
Xiao Ci
Your mother wants to talk to you
What is it, Mom?
I hope you and Xiao Qi
can manage the company together
Would you be willing?
Mom,
I’m sorry
You know my heart isn’t in this
Alright then,
I knew you’d say that
No matter what you want to do
I will fully support you
Anything I want to do?